Title: Fifty Shades Of Tad

Date night. From the pics on her profile, she’s bangin'. I’ve had some bad dates recently. Time to turn things around.  Everything’s coming up Tad. I get ready. Rockstar plays on repeat. Long shower. Pushups in front of the mirror. Just the right amount of product in my hair.  I put on a white button up, acid wash jeans, and Docs. I post a pic. I just turned forty one, but chicks think I’m thirty. The shirt’s tight in all the right places. I finally found the perfect material that lets me rip the arms and chest when I flex.  Classic Tad. - I roll up in the Fusion and screech to a badass stop. The windows are down and I’m blaring “Animals”.  It’s a Nickelback night.  I want to set the tone. I lay on the horn.  She lives in a money neighborhood. All the rich assholes that live here are looking out their windows. I give ‘em some finger guns.  Soak it in. She finally comes running. She’s wearing a short dress.  Damn.  This girl has no idea how lucky she is. She jumps in. She tells me she’s not hungry. She’s got a party she wants to take me to.  I smile. I make my Michelins smoke before I jet out the neighborhood.  I make small talk. I ask her about all those little blue and yellow flags everywhere in her neighborhood. She says something about her family; brothers and sisters in the Ukraine or some shit, but I lose my train of thought while I’m staring at her knockers.  She video calls a friend at the party while I thunder down the road like a friggin boss. Her friend is hotter than she is.  Tonight might be better than I expected. I know from her profile that she’s bisexual, which is a must for Tad. If a threesome is off the table, I walk.  - The house is in the middle of nowhere. The music they’re playing inside is a little fem, lots of wailing and screeching violins, but I’m down. Tad adapts. I realize that I’m surrounded by chicks dressed in black. Most are fives and sixes, but there’s a few solid eights. One of them tries to give me a glass of wine. I pull out my flask. I tell her Tad comes prepared. My date laughs. She says I’m perfect. Just what they were looking for.  The girls start touching me. Sizing up my shit. It doesn’t take long for me to put two and two together. This is gonna get freaky. There’s got to be a thousand candles lighting this place up; curtains over all the windows.  There’s a big symbol scratched into the floor, and in the middle of the symbol there’s an altar with leather straps. They’ve got some mounted goat heads hanging from the walls. Above the fireplace there’s some black writing.  “Arise Krthun”.  My date says they need me for a summoning. I don’t know what that means, but I tell her it sounds dope.  It’s obvious what I just walked into. The writing’s on the wall. It all points to one thing. Orgy. Straight up Fifty Shades. The girls tell me to take my shirt off.  I flex. The sleeves rip. These guns are oiled and ready.  They lead me to the altar. They lay me down and strap my arms above my head. Baller Tad. They circle around me. My date starts speaking a weird language, which freaks me out, but then I remember something about her family being from another country.  Thirteen girls in all. Tad is game.  I got all night and a package of those Horny Boner pills from the gas station. I feel a sharp pain. One of them pushes a knife into my right pec. Never been into the pain thing, but I’m open minded. Another girl cuts my left pec with a razor. Hurts, but I don’t want to ruin the mood. They start raising their voices in that weird language. I’m pulling hard against the leather ties. They strapped me in really good.  I notice that the blood from my chest is dripping into that carved symbol. The walls around us begin to mold over. The floor shakes. A gigantic flame erupts from the fireplace. I’m starting to think I read the room wrong. Did I miss something? My date leans down and tells me their god demands a sacrifice. She says with my death, they’ll be able to control their god.  Shit… Why does shit like this keep happening to me?! I freak. I yank on the straps. The fire is getting hotter. I see something moving inside of it. It lets out a scream that makes me almost pass out, but instead I shit my pants.  Think Tad! Think! What would Vin Diesel do? They’ve tied my arms above my head. I feel my wrists against my hair. I remember getting ready.  I used almost half a jar of Johnny B. on my mane! Bingo Tad! I rub the back of my head all over my wrists. Something that looks like a leg comes out of the fire . It's covered in scales. Then the whole thing comes out of the fireplace. It looks like something straight off a Danzig album. Its horns scrape the ceiling. It opens its mouth full of yellow cracked teeth and screams at me again. Its arms are moving toward me.  I keep rubbing product on my wrists.  My hands begin to slide through the straps.  The monster reaches down for me just as I slip through the straps and roll onto the floor. The chicks start yelling. I stumble forward toward a covered window and jump through.  I run for my Fusion.  I jump in and tear ass down the highway hoping that thing doesn’t follow me. - I found out later that a “summoning” is ALWAYS a bad thing. That’s it. No more chicks from Kazakhstan. Tad has moved on.    submitted by    /u/therealdocturner   [link]   [comments]