Title: The Taste Of You

I’ve never seen anyone like her. She’s long, the way movie stars are built. Her hair is jet black, usually tied back in a short, taut ponytail, but tonight it’s parted to frame each side of her face, sloping against her sharp, precise features. Her smile is quick, sincere. She’s so beautiful it’s almost cold, but her face glows beneath the smile. It lights her eyes. We sip on our drinks. I nurse my latte while she apologizes for ordering another espresso. Am I boring? Does she need another shot of caffeine before continuing on about siblings, hobbies, work? ”No,” she says, “I just don’t stop until my heart is racing.” I pay the bill and offer to walk her to her car. We leave the cafe and walk downstairs. It only takes moments for us to walk side-by-side. I want to feel how soft her arm is as she points to her car. A black Volkswagen Beetle is parked in the corner of an empty garage. She takes my hand, first to lead us, then to place it on the hood of her tiny car. ”Isn’t it perfect?” She whispers. “It’s the cutest little thing.” My hand isn’t on the car anymore. It’s on her hip, squeezing her as she pushes me against cold concrete. She kisses me like I’m delicious, pulling and sucking each of my lips with a controlled hunger. I taste the mix of whatever’s in her hair with whatever’s on her lips with whatever’s on her chest, and then I taste blood. The sting of the bite follows. She pulls a short thread from my bottom lip. The flesh underneath it is sensitive to her breath. The instinct to push away is brief. She moves up, then nibbles on the right side of my other lip. This time, I feel the teeth, moaning as they cut a chunk from my bow. This becomes her pattern: chewing and biting, biting and chewing. She cleans her mess in a way that I can’t feel how much she’s taken. Before long, there’s no skin to cover the top of my teeth. She pulls back, smirking at her handiwork. The still air finds my exposed gums, tickling them. "You're too cute,” she says. She swiftly, softly, swipes the tip of my nose, then opens her mouth. I feel it wrap around my nostrils. Her teeth clamp down. They grind and tug at flesh that will not tear. Sharp fingers seek my sternum, wiggling past folds of muscle as she, with desperate desire, yanks back. I gasp without opening my mouth.    submitted by    /u/greatersins   [link]   [comments]