Title: The Front Man

Body of Sterling Cage, Front Man of Samhain Hoarders, Found Three Years After Disappearance.  I almost dropped my phone. Sterling was why I was here. His posters once plastered the walls of my old apartment.  Back in January 2015, before Samhain Hoarders blew up, I had waited hours by their van, the frost snapping at my face. By my side was the Galaxy 1100 equipment case, which had cost me all my savings. The band had emerged first, hauling equipment. Then the diminutive Sterling had sashayed out the back door, throwing his hips into each step.  God, he was the perfect front man.  "M-Mr. Cage," I stammered, "Can I carry all that?"  He looked at the Galaxy 1100, took a long drag of his cigarette, and tossed it on the pavement before stomping it out with the toe of his signature red and white elevator shoe.  From that moment on, I was with the band, cleaning and towing equipment as they toured gyms. Years later, in 2018, when their hit "Creeps" was released, gyms turned into arenas. By 2020, Samhain had played their first stadium show.  I was always offstage, studying Sterling.  We moved in rhythm - hands at our lower backs, spinning frantically, our shoulders shimmying. We never missed a step.  One time, upon seeing this, Sterling winked, his full lips curved in a sincere smile, sculpted cheekbones swallowing his blue eyes.  At that moment, he became my fan.  Soon after, Sterling disappeared. And yet, the show always went on, and I was the only replacement.  And now, all of this.  The article says a hunter in the Pine Barrens called the police after spotting something protruding from the ground.  There was a picture: A mud-caked case next to the hole from which it had been pulled. A Galaxy 1100, whether the police knew it yet or not.  Another picture showed the inside lid scuffed with panicked, overlapping, dirty footprints.  The picture revealed more, though the contents of the box were purposely blurred; there was no mistaking the red and white shoes.  Sighing, I locked my phone and studied my reflection on the black screen. The doctor was right: the cheekbones were two mounds of perfection. I winked as I pursed my brand-new, plump lips.  Tossing my phone on the tour bus table, I decided that tonight’s show would be dedicated to my idol, Sterling Cage.    submitted by    /u/gartner_m   [link]   [comments]