Title: Anyone else heard of the Murder Deer?

I'm a bartender and "Uncle Jack" is one of my regulars. One night when deep in his cups he broke down and told me the whole story of why he's drinking more and more these days.  Have you heard of these creatures? It was just the tail end of the pandemic when he began seeing them.  And he regretted telling Susie about the- deer he saw by the dip in the highway, because she hadn’t let up ever since. “When will you take me to the deer, Uncle jack?” “Are you driving down by that highway soon?” The kid was really into animals and wildlife and shit, and eventually he agreed to take her- he drove by that stretch several times a week anyway, and it was barely twenty minutes to pick her up from his sister’s place, drive by the deer, and take her back home. She had always been his favourite niece, bubbly and wanting to tell him about this and that, and god knows she’d had it rough these past months, always in lock down and not being able to run out and about like kids ought. Maybe that was why she was so excited. Riding a truck with her favourite uncle at midnight was exciting enough, add to that seeing deer in the wild was enough to set her in a tizzy. She couldn’t stop chatting in the truck, and she had cut up a whole bagful of apples to feed them. “Honey you don’t want to get to close to them, you ain’t planning on feeding them by hand, are you?” Her excitement made him a bit anxious, and he wondered if he should have insisted for his sister to join them, to keep her in check. She squealed. “Oh! Look! Stop! Please Uncle Jack! Oh wow look at them they’re magnificent!” Uncle Jack pulled in. There was enough light to see the beasts quite clearly, despite the dark. There were at least three of them, quite close, and he spotted other moving shadows among the trees. Susie had her phone out and was busy taking photos. “This is no good, I have to get closer!” Before he could say anything, she had opened the truck door and jumped out. “Now there Susie” he muttered, getting out and circling the truck to get to her. Susie was already much closer to the deer than he had anticipated. He could hear the rapid click of the camera as she stepped closer to the deer. The moving shadows morphed into more deer, also moving towards her quite rapidly, and soon there was barely five feet between the girl and what looked like a whole gang of deer, their eyes glinting. “Susie!” yelled Jack. She paid him no mind, tugging on the apple bag. He knew he had to get to her but he felt rooted to the spot. Even when the deer butted her to the ground and she began screaming, he felt paralysed. The apples fell to the ground, unnoticed. Too quickly, the screaming stopped. Some deer looked up, straight at him, while others were still bent down over Susie. They began coming towards him. In the glaring lights of a passing car, he saw clearly blood around their mouths. He ran to the truck, threw himself in and drove off. *** And now he drowns his sorrows at my bar, every night.    submitted by    /u/1000andonenites   [link]   [comments]