Title: The Out-of-towner

The out-of-towner was whistling!  Old Walmsley glared at him over the local store counter as Mrs Morrison tootled in, a shopping caddy behind her.  She froze when she saw the out-of-towner and then took up residence at the counter with Mr Walmsley.  'He's a foreigner?' She said in a hushed tone.  'Well, his complexion is rather swarthy.'  The out-of-towner turned to see the locals staring.  'Hey, do you guys sell candles?'  'You guys?' Walmsley muttered under his breath and then continued directly, 'I'm afraid we're sold out... Is there anything else we can help you with, just that we're closing soon?' The young guy glanced down at his Apple Watch. 14.45 was a strange time to close.  'Just a sec.'  'A sec?' This time, it was Mrs Morrison. ‘What is an African American doing in Fanny Barks?' she asked Walmsley.  The young American proceeded down the shop's single aisle, passing birdseed, car-washing sponges, and Princess Diana memorial cups before placing his basket on the counter.  'Do you do Apple Pay?'  Walmsley looked over at the fruit and veg section.  'Apple Pay? You mean bartering?'  'Forget it. I have cash.'  He took the items from his basket—tissues, strawberries and chocolate. 'You're just passing through Fanny Barks?' Walmsley continued.  'Sorta, I do the whole van life thing, you know.' 'I don't.'  'I worked in London for Standard Chartered but quit… If I like a place, I park up a while.'  'Like a tramp?' Mrs Morrison replied.  The man glanced down at the gnome-like old woman. 'That's a word for it.' 'But you'll be moving on from Fanny Barks. There isn't much to see for a gentleman like yourself.'  The young man realised what was happening. This was England's version of the Deep South.  He decided to have a little fun with them.  'No, I loooove it here! I found a great spot. And you know this place is hella fancy. All the shiny things in your gardens.'  'I'll have you know, young man, squatting is a criminal offence and can lead to 6 months in prison, a £5000 fine, or both. Now, where exactly did you park?'  'Oh, it's wonderful. I wouldn't want to share my secret.'  Walmsley's whiskers twitched in rage.  'Now look here.'  But something was wrong.  The young American had suddenly come over all grey. He swooned, gripped his chest and then stumbled back into a stand of lemon curd, finally falling stone dead.  …  The death of the out-of-towner was the most exciting thing to happen in Fanny Barks for a long while.  A crowd formed as the police arrived: Mrs Fraser and her yappy Yorkshire terrier, Andrew. Colonel Anderson bedecked in his Falklands medals. Finally, the old wine lush Jeremy Luke, rumoured to be the Duke's illegitimate son.  With each retelling of the story, Mrs Morrison's account became more vivid. The man had been rapping hip-hop, perhaps high on drugs, was likely on the run from the law, and would have robbed the store if this health crisis hadn't happened.  Jeremy Luke had spent the afternoon drinking sherry in the Wheatsheaf, and he saw the funny side: ' So the out-of-towner was purchasing chocolate, strawberries, tissues, lubricant?'  (When the police arrived and confirmed his death, they also found a tube of Durex lube in the dead man’s pocket).  Jeremy continued. 'Well, at least this young fellow died with an act of onanism on the horizon.'  'Oh, Jeremy,' Mr Walmsley said, 'Please don't.’  'You mean to think,' Mrs Morrison went on, 'He was on his way to pleasure himself.'  'All evidence would point to it.'  Old Walmsley shushed the cad and hurried the police along.  'We'd like to ask some more questions about the boy if possible,' The officer continued. ‘I've told you everything I know. A wanderer. An itinerant,' Walmsley said.  'A tramp,’ Mrs Morrison put in.'  The young man's corpse was covered over in a white sheet, and the crowd began to disperse. …  True, the grey VW fan was in a great spot– about 1km off the road in a copse of aspen trees so secret even most of the locals at Fanny Barks didn't know of its existence.  And that was Tia's problem. Eight hours ago, Jerome had gone to the village store to get candles, strawberries, and chocolate.  They were on permanent vacation. Why not try something new? And that something a little different had been handcuffs.  She'd screamed frantically for six hours, but Jerome had insulated the van—their little private travelling kingdom within the secret copse spot.  … 'Quite a day,' Old Walmsley said to himself, closing the door of the village shop.  He made his way down Queen Street and paused.  Fanny Barks was changing; you never knew who might be passing through.  He returned, fastening a padlock to the store door, and as he went, whistled a song, an earworm, something like Travis Scott.  He paused for a second time.  Was that a sound on the breeze?  Or perhaps it was that internal voice he sometimes heard in dreams. The walled-off part where a little boy crouched on all fours screamed, 'What have you become?'  Whatever it was, he pushed it down, compressing it like a man jumping on top of an overfull suitcase.  And finally, he began whistling again, this time more forcefully.     submitted by    /u/Original-Loquat3788   [link]   [comments]